For this task we also spend a lot of time for our own solution. The main problem was
that some of the first liker in the output were correct and some not. We identified, 
that we produced to many tuple in a join leading to including likes from not foreign
persons, but as described in 1. we struggled a lot in debugging the query. Here more
SQL experience would have helped us a lot. With the LLM it was very easy this time.
After the correct solution from 1. we prompted:

"""Now we want to extend the querry:

“For each message, also return the full name of the first foreign person who liked the
message and the time when they created the like.”

here the
- person table with: p_personid, p_firstname, p_lastname
- likes table with: l_personid, l_messageid, l_creationdate

get relevant"""

It directly produced the correct solutions. Our query still beat the performance of
the generated output but we were really impressed to see how easy it was to get the job
done. Additionally we also renounced to optimize the queries after getting a valid solution.
The LLM would potentially help a lot here if the correct prompts are used.

With our query from 1. as basis it were a bit more tricky but also takes only a few minutes.
We used the same prompted as above but first provided our query as basis. At first we get A
syntax error for the query which was easy to fix, but after that we got 0 rows as results.
I simply prompted : "I get 0 results, but it should be 9 rows. You did something wrong" and
the LLM replied with the correct solution which this time also is very fast. This is likly
due to the fact we apply the filter for the messages very early and our solution from 1 was
used as the baseline.

SUMMARY 1-2
We were impressed of the skills of the LLM in writing SQL querries even if the task is
not so easy. But we also see how important clear and correct prompting is and for difficult
tasks expert knowledge is needed to guide the LLM to a correct solution. We think LLM can
do a good job here but a skilled developer would likly outperform the LLM easily. Compared
to us with only basic coding knowledge in SQL, increased knowledge of understanding SQL as
well as logical knowledge and a good understanding of the tasks and the necessary execution
steps, we expierienced it as a good tool to get much faster to a solution.