1.3
Our team did not have a lot of previous experience with query development.
While we both took a basic database module, which was 4 years ago at the beginning
of our bachelor's, implementing SQL queries rarely appeared in other lectures. Nevertheless
Tony worked a bit with writing simple SQL queries with SQLAlchemy for a RESTAPI and in some
lectures SQL queries with JOINs etc. were used to explain theoretical concepts. Except that
we haven't frequently used SQL and would rank our skills in writing SQL querries as
very basic. We know the basic operations quite well and can understand task pretty
good but especially when it comes to debugging or finding an error our skills lack behind.
For the first task, we split it into subtasks. First, we filtered the messages, so
that only messages with length larger than 100 symbols and with at least 20 likes are
selected. Once we have the filtered messages, we then try to get all the friends, and
after this all the other connections (friends of friends). With our SQL experience,
this task did not present us with any major challenges. But to get the foreignlikes was
quite more challenging. Because we know what to didn't know a good way to get the solution.
We were looking for a high-performance and elegant way to count the number of foreign likes
and total likes, but in our opinion we have not found one. We spent a lot of time trying to
get this to work rather than looking for an easy solution first, which took us multiple hours
to get it done. Something that we found rather frustrating was the fact that we could only use
the PSQL shell - this was making the debugging process a little tricky at times. One of the
biggest problems we faced was the way that the likes table works - it uses both the messageid
and the personid as a key. For a long time, we were trying to join this table using only the
message id.

Using ChatGPT (daily free buget of GPT-4) as a LLM, we were not very successful at the beginning. After prompting it to
solve this task and giving it the sql schema, it failed to produce a correct output or it tooked to
long so that we need to interrupted the process instead of waiting till the end (more than 5min).
After finetuning our prompt we decided to giv only the relevant attributes and table for the task,
so that the prompt to start the conversation was the description of the task and

"""Implement the query

The following relations are given:
message: m_messagid, m_creatorid, m_length
likes: l_messageid, l_personid, 
knows: k_person1id, k_person2id"""

In the beginning, it produced an output that took to long and we stopped the execution. After
that we propted that the LLM should optimize the produced code and apply the filter at the beginning.
Firstly the solution looked promising, however the foreign_likes count was wrong. We looked over
the produced code and identified the weaknesses and errors in the code and gave new instructions to
the llm. In particular we prompted:

"""It looks like this is not correct yet:

WHERE 
    (k.k_person1id = l.l_personid AND k.k_person2id = fm.creator_id)
    OR (k.k_person2id = l.l_personid AND k.k_person1id = fm.creator_id)

A forgein person is a person which the creator not know and and all person who the creator know also
don't know this person.
The solution needs to be improved"""

After that the code produced a simple syntax error which was easy to fix and the results were correct
except of the select in the end, because the likes ratio were not needed. We manually corrected the
Select statement and get the final results. Overall the way of achieving the solution was way more
easy than without guideance but only because we know what the errors in the produced code were.
Otherwise the LLM could not find to a solution. In the beginning and after the successful run we
tried getting a correct solution without our help but never get one. We also tried out multiple LLM,
for example Gemini and Claude.
Additionally we experienced that our query is faster than the generated one. In both cases we stopped
optimizing after the query produced correct results.