1: The comments say it validates strictly.  There is no Country code ... one could argue it's null I guess.   There are consecutive underscores so ch3 is an underscore and not a Capital Letter so the exception is thrown at line 116.
2: in line 115; if (ch3 > 'A' || ch3 < 'Z' || ch4 >'A' || ch4 < 'Z')
3: This is kind of a "yes and no" situation.  Yes; the fact that the character in position 3; an underscore; is assigned to ch3 is directly responsible for this string passing the ensuing conditional check and throwing the exception at line 116.    I say it is "yes and no" because arguably this line in and of itself is not an issue.
4: Line 115 invalid case.
5: In this example; the exception is still thrown based on the conditional statement at line 115.  However; there would also be an issue with line 121.  Since the string is greater than 5 characters; and the fifth character is not the expected underscore("_"); this would also throw an exception.
6: It is checking the 3rd and 4th characters are uppercase. The fourth character is an underscore. Write more descriptive errors next time.
7: This can't handle cases where the country code is omitted; but there are extensions in the locale string.
8: ch3 is an underscore; not an A-Z character. These lines of code tell it to throw an error when ch3 is not A-Z.
9: code condition at 110 is throwing exception.    if (str.charAt(2) != '_') {                  throw new IllegalArgumentException("Invalid locale format: " + str);              }
10: Yes; if "fr__POSIX" has two underscores then the character at index 3 will lead to an exception being thrown.
11: The failure occurs during the execution of lines 115 - 116.  In line 113; ch3 is set to be "_".  In the if statement of line 115; ch3 is checked for being less than 'A'; which is false; but it is also checked for being greater than 'Z'; and it turns out that the value for '_' is greater than 'Z'.  Since this is so; this particular if statement executes; and throws out the failure outlined above.
12: ch3 is assigned a "_" value. This value throws a failure in line 115; as it is not a letter between A and Z.
13: The str variable must be the correct length and start with two lowercase letters; which can be followed by an underscore; two uppercase letters; another underscore; and three lowercase letters. Lines 107 to 126 are validating this with if statements. If the str variable does not meet this criteria; an IllegalArgumentException is thrown. The str varible with a value of fr__POSIX seems to be valid up until line 121 where the if statement checks to see if the 6th character in str in an underscore. Since it is not; an IllegalArgumentException error is thrown with the message Invalid locale format:fr__POSIX
14: they should have specified for each length specifically.
15: THERE IS
