1: The input 'fr__POSIX' is not following the expected format outlined in the javadoc: the fourth character is part of the country code and "must be uppercase" (not an underscore)
2: ch3 is an underscore; not an A-Z character. These lines of code tell it to throw an error when ch3 is not A-Z.
3: Yes. Since the length of the string is not 2; it would proceed to the else block. Within that; it would pass the first if statement without issues but would throw an exception after the second if statement; where ch3 and ch4 are checked. The issue would arise not because of ch4; which would pass (be true); but rather ch3 which it expects to be a capital letter and it is an underscore in the string passed. The exception we receive would be thrown at line 116.
4: The if statement in line 115 is checking the character at locations 3 and 4; which in this case would be the fourth and fifth characters; "_P". It seems to be checking to make sure they are capital letters; which ch3 is not and rather is an underscore. Therefore either ch3 < 'A' or ch3 > 'Z' would return false; prompting the throwing of the IllegalArgumentException.      There are other possibilities for this same exception to be thrown before line 116; but our string should pass those without any issues.
5: A and Z need to be lower case.
6: Given that the format of the locale appears to be cc__CCCCC (c for character); the third character of the locale will always contain an underscore. Which in ASCII has a greater value than 'Z' causing the "ch3 > 'Z'" portion of the if statement on line 115 to be true and throw the exception.
7: This is kind of a "yes and no" situation.  Yes; the fact that the character in position 3; an underscore; is assigned to ch3 is directly responsible for this string passing the ensuing conditional check and throwing the exception at line 116.    I say it is "yes and no" because arguably this line in and of itself is not an issue.
8: Yes; if "fr__POSIX" has two underscores then the character at index 3 will lead to an exception being thrown.
9: this is the same problem as last time..... line 115 is not going to like the 4th character being an underscore.
10: The comments say it validates strictly.  There is no Country code ... one could argue it's null I guess.   There are consecutive underscores so ch3 is an underscore and not a Capital Letter so the exception is thrown at line 116.
11: Line 114 was not the correct input
12: in line 115; if (ch3 > 'A' || ch3 < 'Z' || ch4 >'A' || ch4 < 'Z')
13: The country code is missing. Or rather lines 115/117 are looking at '_P' and the underscore fails the validation.
14: ch3 would be "_" which is outside the range on line 115
15: code condition at 110 is throwing exception.    if (str.charAt(2) != '_') {                  throw new IllegalArgumentException("Invalid locale format: " + str);              }
16: The failure occurs during the execution of lines 115 - 116.  In line 113; ch3 is set to be "_".  In the if statement of line 115; ch3 is checked for being less than 'A'; which is false; but it is also checked for being greater than 'Z'; and it turns out that the value for '_' is greater than 'Z'.  Since this is so; this particular if statement executes; and throws out the failure outlined above.
17: YOU MAY HAVE
18: This can't handle cases where the country code is omitted; but there are extensions in the locale string.
19: they should have specified for each length specifically.
20: The fourth character must be the beginning of the country code per the defined format for the string version of locale.  Therefore; characters 3 and 4 represent the country code.  The input is defined strictly requiring these characters to be upper case.  In the test example given; the third character is an underscore ("_") which is not allowed.  Therefore; this code threw the proper exception letting the user know that the string input ("fr__POSIX") was an incorrect format.
